feat: add cors headers default nginx (#304)
coreruleset/modsecurity-crs-docker: README.md

| Name     | Description|
| -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| CORS_HEADER_403_ALLOW_ORIGIN | When generating a 403 response from the server, the origin can access this response using the [Access-Control-Allow-Origin](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Access-Control-Allow-Origin) header (Default: `"*"`). |
| CORS_HEADER_403_ALLOW_METHODS | When generating a 403 response from the server, the methods that will be sent in the header [Access-Control-Request-Method](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Access-Control-Request-Method) . Default: `"GET, POST, PUT, DELETE, OPTIONS"` |
| CORS_HEADER_403_CONTENT_TYPE | When generating a 403 response from the server, the content-type of the response. Default: (`"text/plain"`) |

> | CORS_HEADER_403_MAX_AGE | When generating a 403 response from the server, the content of the [Access-Control-Max-Age](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Access-Control-Max-Age) header. (Default: `3600`) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CORS_HEADER_403_MAX_AGE | The value of the [Access-Control-Max-Age](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Access-Control-Max-Age) header for `403` responses. The number of seconds that preflight requests for this resource may be cached by the browser. (Default: `3600`) |
```
